KProf 1.2 README file

SUMMARY
-------
KProf is a tool for developers. It lets you examine the
output of code profilers to help you understand where the
bottlenecks and slowdowns are in your code.

KProf supports analysis of the output generated by the
following profilers:

- GNU gprof, available on most UNIX systems

- Function Check, a recent and better profiler available
  from http://www710.univ-lyon1.fr/~yperret/profiler.html

- Palm OS Emulator, a tool from Palm which lets emulates
  a PalmOS device and can profile the execution of the
  application running in the emulator.


USING KPROF
-----------
You can open two kind of files with KProf:

- a binary program. In this case, KProf will try to locate a
  file named `gmon.out' in the same directory. This file is
  generated automatically when a program compiled with
  profiling turned on is executed. If 'gmon.out' is not
  found, KProf will try to find 'fnccheck.out', the binary
  profiling output generated when running a program with
  Function Check profiling (see information about Function
  Check above).

- a text profile results generated by `gprof' after the
  binary program has been executed and the `gmon.out' file
  has been created as a result of the execution. To create
  the text profile results file, do the following:

	$ gprof -b myprogram > results.txt

  Then open the `results.txt' file with KProf. Please note
  that KProf has only been tested with the output files produced
  by GNU gprof 2.9.5 and up. Your mileage may vary if you are
  using an earlier version.

- a text profile results generated by 'Function Check' after
  the binary program has been executed and the 'fnccheck.out'
  file has been created as a result of the execution. To
  create the text profile results file, do the following:

    $ fncdump +calls myprogram > results.txt

  Then open the 'results.txt' file with KProf. Note that you'll
  have to check the 'Function Check' radio-button at bottom of
  the File Selector dialog for KProf to recognize the file as
  the output of the Function Check profiler.


Feel free to send bugs and patches to fpillet@users.sourceforge.net

Share and enjoy,
Florent Pillet.

<mailto:fpillet@users.sourceforge.net>
